alright let's see what this is heavy
punch
there we go it's all it's a hundred
laser swords look at this guy I fucked
up I held back by accident I held back
again like an idiot damn it fucking
myself up here the whole
Oh Eddie didn't come out fuck robot warm
one our raw emotion dog shit
I held back again like an idiot oh yeah
is that it
and that's all the combos holy shit I
beat them all it's very nice and an
achievement black belt ten gamer points
very nice our congratulations you
completed all of the dojo lessons you
know how to attack defend and perform
deadly mix-ups you mastered the art of
combos and how to break them you're
ready to venture to the competitive
world of online play good luck and
congratulations nice and no for anyone
who thinks that they're ready for online
play just by beating the basic lessons
you would be wrong all right so now what
I'm gonna do
well first of all I have all these
points can I use an unlock things I see
something
how do you buy these I don't understand
how you purchased these things oh here
you go
these accessories you can buy wooden
masks and stuff to have four thousand
for that one these are the ones that you
get for free when you Baca bought the
$40.00 pack them all of those
okay poor kid what'd she look like I
don't like those goggles but isn't our
whole heads covered hairless you can see
her face I do like these better than
those give her those why would you want
to cover those sexy legs come on why
would you want to do that keep a nose
what we do these she got Pippi
Longstocking of stockings it's pretty
funny
I tell it to better Yakko look who's
actually better I think wonder how you
unlock the colors maybe you have to get
a certain amount of wins with your
character or something okay let's take a
look here
Oh God why'd you want those hideous
goggles
actually if you like these gauntlets I'm
give him the gauntlets the leggings - I
like that saberwolf cool this sadirah
this is the new chick Saudi Rob and
let's rotate the character
nice ass nice side boob side boob and
ass oh my god she's hideous with the
head
what's this the claws both stuff on our
arms actually do like that one better
oh this one she has almost nothing on
her ass look at that
yes goat the one with less covered ass
yes all right how about fonder
the bear is cool man look at the bear
bear claws
that's a cool outfit I like that one and
then Glacius
well we got for him he's like the
coolest looking characters graphics are
crazy look at that look at those
graphics so people are flexion all over
his body that's awesome we get the dark
place yes all right let's see what you
got here
Oh Sidious alien helmet yeah looks so
fucking stupid
oh wow some of these are cool actually
like I like it with this I think I'm
gonna buy this for his shoulders I like
that I don't like the leg things or I
don't like any of these final ones that
I own I like the shoulder I'm gonna buy
the shoulder spikes Oh
when 40 online matches wishes to unlock
this item for purchase I see
if the win a certain amount of ashes I'm
gonna keep him with default and I like
him at the fall and that's it and as J
go again
you know I like the classic jiggle mask
better
I like the classic jiggle mask but the
other new things yeah these two things
okay
all right cool to customize their
characters that was fun